





government
The government of algeria uses cloud computing to boots its oil and gas production efficiency.
sonatrach is a State-Owned Enterprise (SOE) that is dominant in the Algerian energy sector. 
It is the largest company in Africa and the 11th largest oil consortium in the world. 
By implementing new ICT technologies,The company’s digital transformation has already helped motivate management to improve its operational efficiency. 
Going forward, Sonatrach, using its digital transformation to provide strong organizational support for future development. 
After studying Sonatrach’s approach to ICT and the company’s future business development requirements, Huawei proposed a three-phase digital transformation strategy:
The HUAWEI CLOUD Stack (HCS)
The SAP Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system
Innovative service platforms and big data services
At Huawei Connect 2018, the Sonatrach project won the ‘Best Digital Enterprise Transformation of the Year’ award. 
This award recognizes the project as a sterling example of future-proof digital transformation. 
[https://e.huawei.com/ph/publications/global/ict_insights/201902271023/Success-Story/201904170833]




education

The COVID-19  has resulted  in schools  shut all across the  world. Globally, all children at schools or students at universities are out of the classroom. As a result, 
education has changed dramatically.E-learning initiatives have advanced significantly as institutions and companies seek to overcome
budgetary constraints while providing quality education and training services for students and
employees with the notable rise of e-learning, whereby teaching is undertaken remotely and on digital platforms.On the public side, the National Centre for Professional Distance Education (Centre
National de la Formation et de l’Enseignement Professionnels à Distance, CNEPD) became one of the
first public institutions in the country to set up an e-learning platform in January 2018. Aimed at
individuals seeking to expand their professional and technical competences, the CNEPD e-learning
platform expands educational opportunities to individuals with physical or geographical constraints. The
Algerian e-learning platform BeeForm launched in November 2017 with the aim of providing
companies and public institutions with digital tools for training on a mass level. Among the first
signatories of agreements with BeeForm were institutions from both the public and private sectors,
including the public universities School of Commercial High Studies and Research Centre for Scientific
and Technical Information, as well as local IT consultancy COSOFT Group and Algerian cloud services
provider ISSAL, among other private firms.[digital learing with covvid 19 in algeria]

IT
Ooredoo Algeria has taken the first step towards next-generation networks with the successful deployment of what it claims is North Africa's first virtualized mobile gateway.
Ooredoo Algeria has deployed Nokia's Cloud Mobile Gateway with plans for Nokia to deploy more gateways in the near future.[http://www.connectingafrica.com/author.asp?section_id=761&doc_id=752184].
and this has lead to the highthe implementation of the cloud mobile gate way would help ooredo
algeria meets customers need for data. Nokia said that the mobile gateway will also help Ooredoo Algeria deliver a seamless network experience across fixed and wireless access technologies. 
With the help of the Nokia AirFrame data center solution, Ooredoo Algeria will also be able to deliver telco applications that demand low latency.[http://www.connectingafrica.com/author.asp?section_id=761&doc_id=752184]



